chyrp_lite.md (#2563)
rocky-linux/documentation: docs/guides/cms/chyrp_lite.md

In the **Database** section, select a pathname in the `chyrp-lite-data` directory made earlier, such as `/var/www/chyrp-lite-data/sqlite.db`.

Then, complete the other fields, which should be self-explanatory.

> Nex,t click **Install me** and then **Take me to my site**. You should now be able to visit a completed installation of your Chyrp site:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, click **Install me** and then **Take me to my site**. You should now be able to visit a completed installation of your Chyrp site:
```
